Updated Cubeviz Displaying Spectra (#346)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/cubeviz/displayspectra.rst

Displaying Spectra
******************

A collapsed spectrum of the cube displayed in the upper-left viewer
automatically appears in the 1D spectrum viewer, using the Maximum
collapse method.  The collapse method can be changed in the Viewer
tab of the :guilabel:`Gear` icon in the spectrum viewer. Additional spectra
can be loaded into the spectrum viewer, as detailed in the linked documentation

> below.

Author: ```suggestion
below. 
```

.. seealso::

>     `Gaussian Smooth <https://jdaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/specviz/displaying.html`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `Displaying Spectra (Specviz) <https://jdaviz.readthedocs.io/en/latest/specviz/displaying.html>`_
```
Fix missing close bracket, change the text to match the linked page.

>         Specviz documentation on gaussian smoothing of 1D spectra.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Specviz documentation on displaying 1D spectra.
```

>         Specviz documentation on gaussian smoothing of 1D spectra.

Author: ```suggestion
        Documentation on displaying spectra in a 1D spectrum viewer.
```
